every girl has a dream the perfect
wedding and I want my father to give me
away look at my baby
every family I read mom's diary as a
secret and I have three possible fathers
oh my god
every wedding which one did you invite
him as a feeling surprises
you always knew how to make an entrance
there were three guys around the same
time shady lady the last time I saw your
mother she said she never wanted to see
me again
it's very great this summer
somebody up there has got it in for me I
bet it's my mother take a trip down the
aisle don't bother him
can you tell me you'll never forget
Sabine typically you wait 20 years for a
dabble in three come along at once
Universal Pictures presents
I've got three dads coming to my wedding
and I have to tell two of them are
surplus only which here
are you getting a free me
I don't care if you slept with hundreds
of men was and I haven't slept with
hundreds of men Mamma Mia
don't like having fun already oh yeah I
used to have fun oh we know